1. Building modules adapted to fit together for construction of fire, sound and impact resistant security barriers and rooms for use in securing records and persons, comprising in combination, an outer shell of substantially parallelepiped shaped with two outer steel plate panel sections of greater surface area serving as inner and outer walls for a structure when a plurality of the modules are fitted together, sealant means spacing the two panel sections from steel to steel contact with each other by a thermal-acoustical barrier material, and further means disposed inside the shell for increasing its load bearing capacity comprising internal steel baffles extending inwardly from the steel shell walls.
2. Modules as defined in claim 1 wherein the steel baffles are oriented with the panel sections disposed at angles for deflecting projectiles such as bullets able to penetrate the steel plates.
3. Modules as defined in claim 2 including insulating material disposed inside said shell to provide significant resistance to penetration and travel of projectiles that might penetrate the plates.
4. Building modules adapted to fit together for construction of fire, sound and impact resistant security barriers and rooms for use in securing records and persons, comprising in combination, an outer shell of substantially parallelepiped shape with two outer steel plate panel sections of greater surface area serving as inner and outer walls for a structure when a plurality of the modules are fitted together, sealant means spacing the two panel sections from steel to steel contact with each other by a thermal-acoustical barrier material, and further means disposed inside the shell for increasing its load bearing capacity wherein a first outer steel plate panel section comprises a cross section shape substantially that of the base and two partial legs of a triangle forming acute angles having apex points at opposite ends of the module and wherein the legs are inwardly directed to provide internal baffles.
5. Modules as defined in claim 4 wherein the other outer steel panel section comprises two abutted parts each extending substantially half the dimension of the triangle base of the first panel and each comprising a cross section shape substantially that of the base and two partial legs of a substantially right triangle having the right angle leg forming end walls of the modules and the remaining leg directed internally and thereby forming an internal baffle.
6. Modules as defined in claim 5 wherein the internal baffles of both outer panel sections overlap and interlock at angles providing deflector panels extending from one end of the module to the other for changing the direction of projectiles that might penetrate the outer wall.
7. Modules as defined in claim 5 wherein the substantially right angle leg forming the module end walls is slightly less than 90 degrees to produce end walls on the modules which thereby abut with similar modules at the outer wall panel ends at substantially only two lines along the height of the panels at the respective ends of the two outer panel sections.
8. Modules as defined in claim 7 placed end to end with the two abutting lines of the end to end modules in abutted registration and welded together along the two abutted lines.
9. Modules as defined in claim 8 forming a barrier wall.
10. Modules as defined in claim 8 forming a jail cell, with the modules providing fire resistance, sound barrier, thermal insulation, projectile repellant characteristics and high impact resistance.
11. Modules as defined in claim 8 forming a security storage facility with the modules providing fire resistance, thermal insulation and high impact resistance.
12. Modules as defined in claim 5 wherein the two panel sections form with said internal baffles a confronting pair of flanges near each end of the module, and further including means fixing the panels in place with a ropelike thermal seal extending between and being compressed by the flanges along the height of the panels.
13. Modules as defined in claim 5 wherein closure plates are affixed as top and bottom panels to the wall panels.
14. Modules as defined in claim 13 wherein the modules are filled with an insulating material providing thermal and acoustical insulation and energy absorption.
15. Modules as defined in claim 13 wherein the deflector panels form substantially two internal compartments respectively abutting the outer steel plate panels and wherein the insulating material in each of the compartments differ.
16. Modules as defined in claim 13 wherein the insulating material in the compartment abutting one outer wall is a mixture of gravel and gypsum.
17. Projectile resistant building modules for fitting together to form steel wall surfaces in construction of jail cells and the like comprising a steel plate outer shell, inner steel baffles projecting inwardly from the outer shell at angles tending to deflect projectiles that penetrate the outer shell and internal packing material that significantly resists the travel of a moving projectile.
18. Modules as defined in claim 17 welded together to form barrier walls with steel plate surfaces.
19. Modules as defined in claim 18 having sound, thermal and impact resisting insulating material within the shells and with the walls forming secured facilities for confining internal fire, sound and impact disturbances within the facilities and for providing impact and projectile resistance from vandalism and outside disturbances.
20. Modules as defined in claim 18 having fire, impact and thermal resisting insulating material within the shells and joined together to provide secured facilities for storage of materials.
21. A prisoner detention facility providing vandalism resistance constructed of modular shells having outer steel plate wall panels welded together to provide unitary inner and outer steel walls and internal baffles, with the modular shells enclosing insulating material providing substantial thermal, sound and impact resistance.
22. Modular equipment for formulating detention structures comprising of a multiplicity of interchangeable modules of similar size having steel plate inner and outer wall sections defining end closures and internally directed load supporting baffles with said modules welded together to form said detention structure.
23. Modular equipment as defined in claim 22 wherein the internally directed baffles are disposed at angles for deflecting projectiles such as bullets which might penetrate the outer steel plate walls.
24. Modular equipment as defined in claim 22 including insulation material inside the modules for resisting fire, sound and impact.
25. Modular equipment as defined in claim 22 including modular shape for abutting modules end to end in registration to meet substantially only along two welded lines appearing at the inner and outer wall outer surfaces, wherein the multiplicity of modules are welded together along the two weld lines.
26. Modular equipment as defined in claim 22 including means defined in the end closures disposing thermal insulation between the inner and outer walls to interrupt steel to steel contact.