1. A method of providing a durable wear resistant finish on a floor surface, the method comprising:
(a) providing at least one elongated flexible sheet wound on a roll, the sheet including a layer of clear plastic having a uniform thickness of between about one and about twenty-five mils and a layer of a contact adhesive secured to one side of the plastic layer;
(b) unrolling an outer end portion of the sheet from the roll;
(c) placing the outer end portion on the floor with the side having the adhesive layer facing down;
(d) aligning the end portion on a predetermined corresponding portion of the floor surface;
(e) unrolling a further amount of the sheet from the roll onto the floor so as to cover a predetermined total length dimension, with the adhesive layer of the sheet in contact with the floor surface; and
(f) pressing the total length of sheet against the floor to securely adhere the sheet to the floor surface.
2. The method of claim 1 wherein step (a) includes providing a removable nonadhesive layer on the exposed face of the adhesive layer on the outer end portion of the sheet prior to step (c), the method further comprising stripping the nonadhesive layer from the outer end portion after step (e).
3. The method of claim 1, further comprising after step (f):
unrolling an additional sheet from the at least one roll alongside the first mentioned sheet such that a longitudinal edge of the additional sheet overlaps an adjacent edge of the first mentioned sheet;
making a single thin cut through the clear plastic layers of both sheets within the overlap region, the cut extending the length of the overlapped edges of the sheets so as to create separate first and second thin strips between the cut and the outer edges of the upper and lower overlapped sheets, respectively;
peeling away the first thin strip from the line of the cut in the upper sheet;
curling back the cut edge of the upper sheet to expose the second thin strip;
peeling away the second thin strip from the line of the cut in the lower sheet; and
pressing down the cut edges of the two sheets against the floor surface to form a close fitting butted joint between the cut edges of the two sheets.
4. On a floor having a flat top surface and an improved material for finishing the top surface of the floor, the improvement comprising:
at least one elongated sheet including a uniform flexible film of clear plastic material having a thickness between about one mil and about twenty-five mils and
a continuous layer of adhesive material disposed between the top surface of the floor and the flexible film, the adhesive layer releasably adhering the flexible film onto the top surface of the floor.
5. The improvement of claim 4 wherein the at least one elongated sheet comprises at least two sheets extending side by side, the two sheets having adjacent longitudinal edges that meet in a close fitting butt joint.
6. The improvement of claim 4 or 5 wherein each elongated sheet includes an opaque decorative layer imprinted on the undersurface of the clear plastic layer between the clear plastic layer and the adhesive layer.
7. The improvement of claim 6 wherein the opaque decorative layer extends over the entire undersurface of the clear plastic layer.
8. The improvement of claim 4 or 5 wherein the at least one elongated sheet includes at least one boundary line affixed to the undersurface of the clear plastic laye