1. A heading lock coupled to a trolling motor producing a thrust disposed to pull a watercraft, said heading lock comprising:
a steering motor coupled to said trolling motor, said steering motor being disposed to affect the orientation of said trolling motor in response to input signals;
a steering circuit electrically coupled to said steering motor, said steering circuit begin disposed to generate said input signals to said steering motor in response to heading signals; and
a heading detector electrically coupled to said steering circuit, said heading detector being disposed to transmit said heading signals to said steering circuit.
2. The heading lock of claim 1 wherein said heading detector includes a compass, said compass including a pair of light emitting diodes, said compass further including a pair of photo-transistors mounted so as to be optically coupled to said pair of light emitting diodes.
3. The heading lock of claim 1 wherein said steering circuit comprises a microprocessor.
4. The heading lock of claim 1 further comprising a heading designating means coupled to said steering circuit for designating a desired heading, said heading designating means generating a desired heading signal indicative of said desired heading.
5. The heading lock of claim 4 wherein said trolling motor has a variable orientation, said orientation being selectable, the direction of said thrust being responsive to said orientation, wherein said heading detector generates a feedback signal indicative of the orientation of said trolling motor, and wherein said steering motor effects a change in said orientation in response to said feedback signal.
6. The heading lock of claim 5 wherein said feedback signal is a digital signal, said desired heading signal is a digital signal, and said steering circuit includes a microprocessor.
7. The heading lock of claim 6 wherein said microprocessor compares said feedback signal with said desired heading signal and provides an output signal in response to said comparison.
8. The heading lock of claim 5 wherein said feedback signal is an analog signal and said desired heading signal is an analog signal.
9. The heading lock of claim 4 wherein said heading designating means includes a user actuated switch, said switch having a variable position, said variable position being selectable, and wherein said desired heading signal is responsive to said variable positions.
10. The heading lock of claim 1 wherein said trolling motor precedes said watercraft in a desired heading.
11. A heading lock for a bow-mounted motor, said motor having a thrust, comprising:
a steering motor connected to said bow-mounted motor and controllable by a steering signal input;
a heading detector circuit having a first output indicative of the heading of the thrust of the motor;
a desired heading circuit having a second output indicative of a desired heading; and
a steering control circuit comparing said first output to said second output and generating said steering signal input based on the difference between said first output and said second output.
12. The heading lock of claim 11 further comprising a compass coupled to said heading detector circuit, said compass including a pair of light emitting diodes, said compass further including a pair of photo-transistors mounted so as to be optically coupled to said pair of light emitting diodes.
13. The heading lock of claim 11 wherein said steering control circuit comprises a microprocessor.
14. The heading lock of claim 13 wherein said first output is a digital signal and said second output is a digital signal.
15. The heading lock of claim 11 further comprising a heading designating means coupled to said desired heading circuit for designating said desired heading.
16. The heading lock of claim 15 wherein said bow-mounted motor has a variable orientation, said orientation being selectable, and wherein the direction of said thrust is determined by said orientation.
17. The heading lock of claim 15 wherein said heading designating means includes a user actuated switch, said switch having a variable position, said variable position being selectable, and wherein said second output is responsive to said variable position.
18. The heading lock of claim 11 wherein said first output is an analog signal and said second output is an analog signal.
19. The heading lock of claim 11 wherein said bow-mounted motor precedes said watercraft in said desired heading.
20. A heading lock for a bow-mounted motor, said motor producing a thrust, said heading lock comprising:
a heading detector disposed to detect the heading of the thrust of said bow-mounted motor and provide a thrust heading signal indicative of the heading of the thrust;
means for designating a desired heading, said designating means providing a desired heading signal representative of said desired heading; and
means for directing said thrust in said desired heading in response to said thrust heading signal and said desired heading signal.
21. The heading lock of claim 20 wherein said heading detector includes a compass, said compass including a pair of light emitting diodes, said compass further including a pair of photo-transistors mounted so as to be optically coupled to said pair of light emitting diodes.
22. The heading lock of claim 20 wherein said directing means comprises a microprocessor.
23. The heading lock of claim 20 wherein said bow-mounted motor has a variable orientation, said orientation being selectable, and wherein the direction of said thrust is determined by said orientation.
24. The heading lock of claim 20 wherein said thrust heading signal is a digital signal and said desired heading signal is a digital signal.
25. The heading lock of claim 20 wherein said thrust heading signal is an analog signal and said desired heading signal is an analog signal.
26. The heading lock of claim 20 wherein said designating means includes a user actuated switch, said switch having a variable position, said variable position being selectable, and wherein said desired heading signal is responsive to said variable position.
27. The heading lock of claim 20 wherein said bow-mounted motor precedes said watercraft in said desired heading.
28. A heading lock for a bow-mounted motor, comprising:
a heading detector disposed to detect the heading of said bow-mounted motor and provide a motor heading signal indicative of the heading of the motor;
means for designating a desired motor heading, said designating means providing a desired motor heading signal representative of said desired motor heading; and
means for directing said motor in said desired motor heading in response to said motor heading signal and said desired motor heading signal.
