The embodiments of the invention in which an exclusive property or privilege is claimed are defined as follows:
1. In combination a computer having a diskette drive, an end user computer peripheral device having an input/output port normally connectible to a conventional computer input/output port, and a coupler which couples the computer with the end user computer peripheral device without using a conventional computer input/output port: said coupler being sized and shaped for insertion within the diskette drive of the computer and accurately aligns and positions said coupler with a read/write head of the diskette drive and forms a data transfer relationship between said read/write head and a means for coupling of said coupler, said coupler further including signal transfer means connecting said coupler and said input/output port of said end user computer peripheral device, said means for coupling being connected to and forming a data transfer arrangement with said signal transfer means whereby data is transferred from said computer to said end user computer peripheral device via said read/write head of said computer, said coupler, and said input/output port of said end user computer peripheral device.
2. In combination as claimed in claim 1 wherein said means for coupling includes a coil read/write element positioned on said coupler to align with said read/write head of the diskette drive and form an electromagnetic induction connection therewith when said coupler is inserted in said diskette drive.
3. In combination as claimed in claim 1 wherein said means for coupling includes a read/write element for effecting a capacitive coupling with the read/write head of the diskette drive.
4. In combination as claimed in claim 1 wherein said means for coupling is a read/write element in a fixed position on said coupler that aligns with the read/write head of the diskette drive when said coupler is inserted in said diskette drive.
5. In combination as claimed in claim 4 including signal conditioning means which cooperates with said element to enhance a signal received by said element from the read/write head prior to passage of said signal to said signal transfer means.
6. In combination as claimed in claim 1 wherein said means for coupling with a read/write head of the diskette drive includes in combination a rotatably mounted memory storage means rotatably driven by said diskette drive and in data transfer relationship with said read/write head of said diskette drive and a coupler read/write head in data transfer relationship with said rotatably mounted memory storage means; said coupler read/write head, said read/write head of said diskette drive, and said rotatably mounted memory storage means cooperating to effect data transfer between said read/write heads via said rotatably mounted memory storage means.
7. In combination as claimed in claim 1 wherein said coupler includes memory means for producing an initial set of signal instructions for said computer which are transmitted to said computer when said coupler is initially aligned and positioned within said diskette drive.
8. In combination as claimed in claim 1 wherein said signal transfer means comprises a standard interface on said coupler by means of which said external peripheral device is connected to said coupler.
9. In combination as claimed in claim 1 wherein said one end user peripheral device is chosen from the group comprising printers, solid state memory, communication ports, networks, scanners, other computer instrumentation, monitors, plotters, spatial digitizers, control instruments, pointing device such as a mouse, track ball, joy stick, or knob box, and external audio devices including speech recognition, signal analysis, speech synthesis, sound generator, and digital audio recording/playback.
10. A method for forming a data transfer coupling between a computer having a diskette drive having a read/write head and an input/output port of one separate end user computer peripheral of a host of separate end user computer peripherals where each separate end user computer peripheral is traditionally connectable to a computer by means of an input/output port of the computer and the standard input/output port of the particular separate computer peripheral, said method comprising:
inserting a coupler having a stationary data transfer element into the diskette drive and forming a data transfer coupling between the stationary data transfer element and the read/write head of the diskette drive which coupling accommodates transmitting data between the stationary data transfer element and the read/write head, and
connecting said coupler to the standard input/output port of the separate computer peripheral and thereby forming a data transfer path between the read/write head and said input/output port of the one separate computer peripheral whereby data is transferred between the computer and said one separate computer peripheral via the read/write head of the diskette drive.
11. A method as claimed in claim 10 wherein said step of inserting the coupler aligns the stationary data transfer element against the read/write head of the diskette drive.
12. A method as claimed in claim 10 wherein said step of inserting the coupler causes the coupling of the read/write head with a memory storage medium and causes the coupling of the stationary data transfer element with the memory storage medium whereby data is transferred between the stationary data transfer element and the read/write head via the memory storage medium.
13. A method as claimed in claim 11 including providing said coupler with an initial instructing signal which is activated by inserting the coupler in the diskette drive, and relaying said instructing signal to the computer via the stationary data transfer element.